(UPBEAT MUSIC)
♪ THIS BLOODY ROAD
REMAINS A MYSTERY ♪
♪ THIS SUDDEN DARKNESS
FILLS THE AIR ♪
♪ WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR ♪
♪ WON'T ANYBODY HELP US ♪
♪ WE CAN'T AFFORD
TO BE INNOCENT ♪
♪ STAND UP AND FACE THE ENEMY ♪
♪ IT'S A DO OR DIE SITUATION ♪
♪ WE WILL BE INVINCIBLE ♪
♪ THIS SHATTERED DREAM
YOU CANNOT JUSTIFY ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA SCREAM
UNTIL WE'RE SATISFIED ♪
♪ WHAT ARE WE RUNNING FOR ♪
♪ WE'VE GOT THE
RIGHT TO BE ANGRY ♪
♪ WHAT ARE WE RUNNING FOR ♪
♪ WHEN THERE'S NOWHERE
WE CAN RUN TO ANYMORE ♪
♪ WE CAN'T AFFORD
TO BE INNOCENT ♪
♪ STAND UP AND FACE THE ENEMY ♪
♪ IT'S A DO OR DIE SITUATION ♪
♪ WE WILL BE INVINCIBLE ♪
♪ AND WITH THE POWER
OF CONVICTION ♪
♪ THERE IS NO SACRIFICE ♪
♪ IT'S A DO OR DIE SITUATION ♪
♪ WE WILL BE INVINCIBLE ♪
♪ WON'T ANYBODY HELP US ♪
♪ WHAT ARE WE RUNNING FOR ♪
♪ WHEN THERE'S NOWHERE,
NOWHERE WE CAN RUN TO ANYMORE ♪
♪ WE CAN'T AFFORD
TO BE INNOCENT ♪
♪ STAND UP AND FACE THE ENEMY ♪
♪ IT'S A DO OR DIE SITUATION ♪
♪ WE WILL BE INVINCIBLE ♪
♪ AND WITH THE POWER
OF CONVICTION ♪
♪ THERE IS NO SACRIFICE ♪
♪ IT'S A DO OR DIE SITUATION ♪
♪ WE WILL BE INVINCIBLE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ WE CAN'T AFFORD
TO BE INNOCENT ♪
♪ YEAH, YEAH, STAND UP
AND FACE THE ENEMY ♪
♪ IT'S A DO-OR-DIE SITUATION ♪
♪ WE WILL BE INVINCIBLE ♪
♪ WE CAN'T AFFORD
TO BE INNOCENT ♪
♪ STAND UP AND FACE THE ENEMY ♪